original_networks/ACASXU_run2a_4_3_batch_2000.nnet, translated_networks, Reluplex, mat
original_networks/ACASXU_run2a_5_8_batch_2000.nnet, translated_networks, Reluplex, mat
original_networks/Reluplex/ACASXU_run2a_1_1_batch_2000.nnet, translated_networks, Reluplex, mat
original_networks/Reluplex/ACASXU_run2a_1_2_batch_2000.nnet, translated_networks, Reluplex, mat
original_networks/Reluplex/ACASXU_run2a_1_3_batch_2000.nnet, translated_networks, Reluplex, mat
original_networks/Reluplex/ACASXU_run2a_1_4_batch_2000.nnet, translated_networks, Reluplex, mat
original_networks/Reluplex/ACASXU_run2a_1_5_batch_2000.nnet, translated_networks, Reluplex, mat
original_networks/Reluplex/ACASXU_run2a_1_6_batch_2000.nnet, translated_networks, Reluplex, mat
original_networks/Reluplex/ACASXU_run2a_1_7_batch_2000.nnet, translated_networks, Reluplex, mat
original_networks/Reluplex/ACASXU_run2a_1_8_batch_2000.nnet, translated_networks, Reluplex, mat
original_networks/Reluplex/ACASXU_run2a_1_9_batch_2000.nnet, translated_networks, Reluplex, mat
original_networks/Reluplex/ACASXU_run2a_2_1_batch_2000.nnet, translated_networks, Reluplex, mat
original_networks/Reluplex/ACASXU_run2a_2_2_batch_2000.nnet, translated_networks, Reluplex, mat
original_networks/neural_network_information_2, translated_networks, Sherlock, mat
original_networks/neural_network_information_13, translated_networks, Sherlock, mat
original_networks/Sherlock/neural_network_information, translated_networks, Sherlock, mat
original_networks/Sherlock/neural_network_information_0, translated_networks, Sherlock, mat
original_networks/Sherlock/neural_network_information_1, translated_networks, Sherlock, mat
original_networks/Sherlock/neural_network_information_10, translated_networks, Sherlock, mat
original_networks/Sherlock/neural_network_information_11, translated_networks, Sherlock, mat
original_networks/Sherlock/neural_network_information_12, translated_networks, Sherlock, mat
original_networks/Sherlock/neural_network_information_13, translated_networks, Sherlock, mat
original_networks/Sherlock/neural_network_information_14, translated_networks, Sherlock, mat
original_networks/Sherlock/neural_network_information_15, translated_networks, Sherlock, mat
original_networks/Sherlock/neural_network_information_2, translated_networks, Sherlock, mat
original_networks/Sherlock/neural_network_information_3, translated_networks, Sherlock, mat
original_networks/Sherlock/neural_network_information_4, translated_networks, Sherlock, mat
original_networks/Sherlock/neural_network_information_5, translated_networks, Sherlock, mat
original_networks/Sherlock/neural_network_information_6, translated_networks, Sherlock, mat
original_networks/Sherlock/neural_network_information_7, translated_networks, Sherlock, mat
original_networks/Sherlock/neural_network_information_8, translated_networks, Sherlock, mat
original_networks/Sherlock/neural_network_information_9, translated_networks, Sherlock, mat
original_networks/MC_16sigX16sigX1tanh.h5, translated_networks, Keras, mat
original_networks/CartPole_Controller.h5, translated_networks, Keras, mat, original_networks/CartPole_Controller.json
original_networks/MC_16sigX16sigX1tanh.h5, translated_networks, Keras, onnx
original_networks/CartPole_Controller.h5, translated_networks, Keras, onnx, original_networks/CartPole_Controller.json  
original_networks/2000model.mat, translated_networks, mat, tf

